Welcome back.
In this video,
I will teach you how layers work.
It's not complicated, but
it's good to understand it well,
as you will be using layers a lot.
You have reviewed neural networks and
gone over the basic
implementation of a serial model.
The serial model is composed
of a series of layers,
which is the basic class in tracks.
Now, I will show you how classes work,
first I will describe classes and
their methods.
In Python, a class is a way to define
common properties and methods for
similar objects.
In other words,
classes define common variables and
behavior for
the object associated with them.
For instance,
let's say that you have different colors,
so you create a color class.
And your color class would have
common parameters, the r, g,
b values for every item defined in
the class, and methods associated with it.
Each of the instances from your class in
this case the colors orange, blue, and
magenta, would be defined with
a specific set of r, g, b values.
Let's go over how to
define a class in Python.
First, name the class,
in this case, I'll call it MyClass.
I'll also indicate that MyClass will
be a subclass of the Objects class,
which is a standard base class in Python.
If you're not familiar with subclasses,
and
inheritance, don't worry about it,
I'll discuss that more later on.
Inside the class, you'll define
the methods associated with the class.
The _init_ method is called when you
initialize any instance of the class and
assigns values to its parameters.
You could define a custom
method to do whatever you like.
For example, in this case, when my_method
is called for an instance of MyClass,
it adds whatever value is stored in
the y parameter to a variable x.
The _call_ method is used when you
call an already initialized instance.
In this case,
when you call an instance of MyClass,
the program will return
the results from my_method.
So to initialize an instance
f of class MyClass,
you'll have to pass the value for
the parameter y.
After f is initialized, you can call it.
For this example, f was initialized
with a value of 7 for the parameter y.
When called with an inputs of 3,
it's adds 3 to y.
So if you implement all of this code in
Python, you should get a value of 10.
Pause and check this process if you like.
A moment ago, I mentioned subclasses,
let's go into a little
more detail on them now.
For instance, let's suppose that you
want to define a subclass for MyClass.
So to do so, you'll define a new class,
which I've named SubClass here.
Indicate that the parents
class is MyClass,
just like I did before with
the object base class.
Any method that you define in
the subclass will override the methods
from the parents class.
So if you redefine my method, the init and
call methods for the SubClass
will be inherited from the parent class,
but my_method will be replaced.
So if you initialize an instance f of your
subclass with parameter y equal to 7,
and then you call f with a value of 3,
you will get a value of 52 instead of 10.
Feel free to pause and
check this implementation.
At this point, you're familiar with
classes, subclasses and instances.
Coming up, you'll take a look
at dense ReLU and serial layers.